Compete for a gold medal
Hanyu Strings and
After land-chan
This season
The fight between the two began from the guard tournament
Hunting is
Whore's free 4 spins fail
I could not give out my original power
On the other hand chan
Endy's Endy that does not go to the local 1000 yen
More than 30 points were added
Hanyu
In the French tournament that became the second bound
Changa
Exceeding the highest score on the agenda in your own world
Victory of victory
I won for two consecutive years
Still Haniwa
I used this result firmly as my own
By fighting Patrick
Trick player's
Good place
Very
I can take water
Really have by fighting with him
I think you know that the face has grown and not grown
ms catch p or 2
I want to do the tournament together with him
I stimulated each other even in practice
Of course there are many rivals 3
And Mukoda show short
Rice location is cm
Ah ah ah ah
While identifying the reason
ani
me
next
Lead the first time this season
I put the king in the world
And after this free game
The theme played by a student is
Log yo and Juliet
From the difference in identity
Two of the fate that can not be tied
A sad love story
I chose the same theme as when I first won a medal at the World Championships
Pine Castle decisive battle to predict the 2014 Winter Olympics